Add readme description for MTD_SED sample configuration (#7)
lmaciejonczyk/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/openthread/coap_client/README.rst

User interface
**************

The following LED and buttons of the client development kit are used by this sample:

LED 1:

>   On when OpenThread connection is established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  On when the OpenThread connection is established.
```

  Pressing results in sending a multicast LIGHT_ON or a multicast LIGHT_OFF message (alternatively) to the ``/light`` resource on server nodes.
  Sending this kind of message instead of a LIGHT_TOGGLE one allows to synchronize the state of the LEDs on several server nodes at once.

> Button 3:

Reviewer: Is this Button 3 usage is valid for all samples that support power consumption mode switching? If so, this should also be mentioned in the user guide.

Author: Currently it is valid only for this sample when is build as MTD with SED support.

Reviewer: OK, let's keep it here.

>   Pressing results in switching power consumption modes: from SED to MED and from MED to SED.

Reviewer: I think the note below is not needed. This could be rephrased as:
```suggestion
  When the device is working as Minimal Thread Device (MTD), pressing results in switching the power consumption modes from SED to MED or from MED to SED.
```
And then under `working as Minimal Thread Device (MTD)` you can link to the user guide section about switching device types (note: you need to add a section tag there for easier linking).

  .. note::
     It is only active when the device is working as Minimal Thread Device (MTD) type.
     It can be easly configurate with `overlay_sed.conf` applied for the build.

>      Defaultly OpenThread device is configured to run as Full Thread Device (FTD).

Reviewer: I feel this information should be covered in the user guide and only linked here.
FTD default mode is mentioned there in Switching device type, but there is no mention of the `.conf` file.

Author: The user guide describes configuration options which are in fact the content of the `.conf` overlay file of this sample. The configuration overlay is just a convenience here.

Reviewer: Then we should mention it in the user guide, and not mention it here. A link to user guide should be more than enough here.

Reviewer 2: IMO: the overlay_sed.conf is example specific thing. I'd suggest adding general description how to pass multiple conf files to the application to ug_thread (if it is not mentioned in the general building documentation) and add info abut using "proj.conf" (default) to build FTD and "proj.conf overlay_sed.conf" in the building and running section. Sadly building app template is poor and does not support specifying configuration files so you'll need to add some nice text there keeping in mind that some people are using SES gui.

Author: ug_thread is not good place to inform about building details (passing many configuration files). It is already [here](http://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/zephyr/guides/kconfig/setting.html#initial-conf) In this sample README I would just mention that section.

Reviewer: Sounds good!
